chore(release): Automated agent plugin release notes (v0.10.4) (#988)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-plugin/agent-plug-v-0-10-4.md

---
title: v0.10.4 Armory Agent Clouddriver Plugin (2021-11-11)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.10.04

---

> Fixes
> * Fixed a problem where CRs were not able to be deployed when using onlyNamespacedResources: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixes

* Fixed an issue where custom resources were not able to be deployed when the parameter `onlyNamespacedResources` is set to `true`.
```
